Octopus AI Assistant project creation documentation (#2761)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/administration/octopus-ai-assistant/project-creation.md

We've trained the large language model used by the Octopus AI Assistant with hand-crafted template projects that bake in best practices for common deployment scenarios.

## Creating a project with Octopus AI Assistant

When you launch the Octopus AI Assistant, one of the examples is to create a new project:

![Octopus AI Assistant default prompt window](/docs/administration/octopus-ai-assistant/octopus-ai-assistant-project-creation-examples.png)

Selecting this will present you with our pre-configured project creation prompts, which use a scaffolded template with our best practices built in:

![Octopus AI Assistant pre-configured project options](/docs/administration/octopus-ai-assistant/octopus-ai-assistant-project-creation-examples-2.png)

You can choose one of the example prompts to create an opinionated project. In the example (below), I'll select the prompt **Create an Azure Web App project called "Azure Web App"**. You can further tweak and customize the prompt based on your specific requirements, check the [expanding on the example prompts](#expanding-on-the-example-prompts) section of the documentation.

> The Octopus AI Assistant may take 60-90 seconds to generate plan for the project. When it has generated the Terraform configuration, you will be provided with the output of `terraform plan` so you can see all resources that will be created. You can approve or abort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Octopus AI Assistant may take 60-90 seconds to generate plan for the project. When it has generated the resource configuration, the output of `terraform plan` will be displayed so you can see all resources that will be created. You can approve or abort.
```
